Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Captain?
Report.
It Iooks Iike the Kazon
have retreated, Captain.
We must have hurt them.
Not as bad as they hurt us.
AII engines are off-Iine.
Captain, shieIds are down,
as are aII weapons arrays.
We'd better hope
they don't come back.
We're sitting ducks.
Janeway to Engineering.
What's your status?
We're in bad shape, Captain.
We had to shut down the warp
engines to avoid a breach.
The impuIse engines
are gone, too.
I think
I can give you thrusters,
but I've got
a Iot of casuaIties down here,
I've got to tend to first.
Lieutenant, it's Kurt Bendera.
He's hurt pretty bad.
No.
His consoIe expIoded,
caught him right in the face.
We've got to get him
to Sick Bay right away.
Torres to Sick Bay.
I hope this is urgent,
Lieutenant.
We have our hands fuII
at the moment.
I'm sending up
an emergency transport.
One of my peopIe
is severeIy burned.
Very weII.
We'II do what we can.
More damage reports
coming in, Captain.
There's a huII breach on Deck 4.
Force fieId's in pIace.
Repair crew's on the way.
There have been casuaIties
on aII decks.
No fataIities so far.
Captain, request permission
to give Torres a hand
in Engineering.
Maybe I can heIp
get propuIsion up and running.
Good idea. Go ahead.
Captain, my readings indicate
the navigationaI defIector
has sustained massive damage.
It wiII be necessary
to repair it
before we can achieve
more than thruster power.
Get repair crews on it.
Mr. Kim, I want
a compIete anaIysis
of aII the damage
we've sustained.
Yes, ma'am.
He's not responding.
7 5 miIIigrams of impedrezene.
That might heIp stimuIate
his cardiac functions,
but he sustained
so much injury,
it may be too Iate.
It had no effect.
CorticaI stimuIator.
I'm sorry.
He was too badIy injured.
He saved my Iife once...
near the Cardassian border.
Come in.
Crewman Bendera's dead.
The Doctor
couIdn't do anything.
I'm sorry, Chakotay.
I know you were friends.
WiII you arrange
a memoriaI service?
I'II get right on it.
Was there something eIse?
Yes.
Like it or not,
it seems we're in a situation
where the ruIes have changed,
and, maybe, if we're going
to survive out here,
we have to start changing, too.
What do you mean?
When we first started
our trip home,
you made a conscious decision
to treat Voyager
as a StarfIeet ship
with a StarfIeet crew
foIIowing StarfIeet ruIes.
That's right.
StarfIeet works weII
in the AIpha Quadrant.
But out here...
maybe we shouId be thinking
more Iike the Maquis.
The Maquis had to survive
on their own.
We were up against
insurmountabIe odds.
We had to create our own
opportunities for success
because nobody was wiIIing
to heIp us.
Sound Iike anybody you know?
If you're suggesting
we abandon our principIes
just because
we're out of haiIing range...
Captain, this was the fourth
attack in two weeks.
We've Iost three crew members
to the Kazon.
A dozen more have sustained
serious injuries.
This ship has taken
so much damage,
we'II be Iucky to get warp drive
on Iine again,
and we can count on the fact
that the Kazon wiII be back.
I don't think we can afford
to keep doing business as usuaI.
A Iot of us can say
we're aIive today
because of Kurt Bendera.
There was never a better man
to have at your side,
never anyone more wiIIing
to take on the tough jobs.
The first time I met him
was in a mining community
on TeIfas Prime.
Some of the miners objected
to my sense of humor
and decided they shouId break
a few of my bones.
There were four of them
and one of me,
and I was taking a beating.
SuddenIy, this man I'd never
seen before came out of nowhere
and evened things up.
We stood back to back,
and pretty soon
the others decided
my sense of humor
wasn't so bad after aII.
I thanked the man.
He just grinned and said,
''I Iike a good fight.''
He was my friend
from that moment on.
And he kept fighting
the good fight...
right up to the end.
I'II miss him.
Ensign.
Captain,
can I ask you something?
Of course.
Now that the Kazon
have stepped up their attacks,
a Iot of peopIe think
that we're not going
to make it out of here aIive.
I'd Iike to know
what you have to say about that.
Is there anything you
have to say about that?
I assure you,
you can speak freeIy.
I'd give them what they want.
Give them the repIicators
and the transporters
and whatever eIse
it is they're after.
I'm sure you reaIize
that wouId be a vioIation of...
I know aII about
the Prime Directive.
But you know what?
The Federation
is 70,000 Iight-years away.
What does it matter
what these peopIe do
to each other
with our technoIogy?
I appreciate your concerns,
Crewman,
but Iet me make it
absoIuteIy cIear--
I'II destroy this ship
before I turn any part of it
over to the Kazon.
So that's how the Maquis
wouId do it, hmm?
It's aII right, Commander.
I know Hogan's upset.
He and Bendera were cIose.
But that's not why he thinks
we shouId give the Kazon
what they want.
I think I've made
my position cIear on that.
You have, but a Iot
of the crew feeI
they haven't had the chance
to voice their opinions.
This isn't a democracy,
Chakotay.
I can't run this ship
by consensus.
A Iot of the Maquis feeI
the Federation
abandoned them years ago.
You may be wiIIing to die
for Federation principIes,
but they're not.
I can't beIieve you'd
support that man's position.
I don't, but isn't
there something
in between
your position and his?
Deck 3.
AII I'm saying, Captain,
is that maybe there's
a IittIe room for fIexibiIity
in interpreting
StarfIeet's protocoIs.
FrankIy, I'm not sure
they were ever intended
for situations Iike this.
I haven't seen any evidence
that they've Iet us down.
Maybe this situation
with the Kazon
is the first exampIe.
Maybe we have to examine
StarfIeet's principIes
with a coId eye,
and ask ourseIves
if they're reaIIy
appIicabIe here.
Computer, hoId turboIift.
Commander, if you have
a specific suggestion
pIease feeI free to make it.
Make a deaI-- an aIIiance.
With the Kazon?
With one of their factions,
or two.
If we had the OgIa
and the ReIora
as our aIIies, the others
wouId be afraid to touch us.
Nothing we've been through
with the Kazon
wouId Iead me to beIieve
they're trustworthy.
I can't imagine making
a deaI with them.
With aII due respect...
maybe that's because
your imagination is Iimited
by StarfIeet protocoIs.
As Captain, you're responsibIe
for making decisions
in the best interest
of your crew,
and I think you have
to ask yourseIf...
if you're doing that.
Come in.
Captain.
This is unexpected.
I've been in your quarters
before.
Indeed, but so rareIy
that I can remember
each instance.
VuIcan spice tea-- hot.
And it was aIways
at a time when you were
particuIarIy troubIed.
Right, as usuaI.
Oh... thank you.
Commander Chakotay has proposed
that we make an aIIiance
with one of the Kazon factions.
We wouIdn't give them
weapons or technoIogy,
but we wouId pIedge
to support and defend them
if they're attacked.
I am sure that made
you uncomfortabIe.
How can I consider it?
I can't just waIk away
from the precepts
StarfIeet has Iaid out
for us--
you don't deaI with outIaws;
you don't invoIve yourseIf
in the poIiticaI machinations
of other cuItures.
It goes against
everything I beIieve,
everything I've trained for,
everything experience
has taught me.
Quite right.
Do I hear a ''however'' coming?
You are perceptive, Captain.
I beIieve Commander Chakotay's
suggestion does have merit.
HeIp me understand that.
When I was a young man,
a great visionary named Spock
recommended an aIIiance
between the Federation
and the KIingon Empire.
This produced a major dispute.
The KIingons, after aII,
were outIaws,
empIoying vioIence and brutaIity
in order to buiId their empire.
I myseIf spoke out
against such a coaIition,
but the aIIiance was forged,
and it brought a stabiIity
to the Quadrant
that had not been there
for 200 years.
Spock's suggestion,
so controversiaI at first,
proved to be the cornerstone
of peace.
There are some differences here.
By aIIying ourseIves
to one faction,
we'd be giving that faction
more power than the others.
That wouId cIearIy affect
the internaI poIitics
of aII the Kazon.
I understand your concern,
but, remember, it wouId onIy be
a temporary arrangement
since we are on our way
out of this Quadrant.
In the meantime,
it might bring stabiIity
to the region
and security for us.
Once we're gone,
they'II probabIy go back
to their infighting.
Perhaps.
But even temporary stabiIity
can bring an appreciation
for peace.
This fIower is a rare hybrid.
As far as I know, it exists
nowhere eIse in the gaIaxy.
I created it
by grafting a cutting
from a South American orchid
onto a VuIcan favinit pIant.
I doubted the graft wouId take,
and, indeed, the pIant
was sickIy at first.
However, after a few weeks,
both pIants adapted
to their new condition
and, in fact, became stronger
than either had been aIone.
ConsequentIy,
after much consideration,
I've decided to seek an aIIiance
with one of the Kazon factions.
Captain, you can't be serious.
This goes against...
Ensign...
I'II be gIad to discuss
my reasoning with you
at a more appropriate time.
However, this meeting is
not to debate the decision,
but to decide how to pursue it.
Captain... if I may.
Yes, Mr. NeeIix.
We're not far from a
pIanet known as Sobras,
where there's a Kazon settIement
inhabited by a faction
known as the Pommar.
I have an acquaintance there--
someone who owes me some favors.
Some rather Iarge favors,
actuaIIy.
Perhaps I couId meet with him
and sound him out.
Is he authorized
to speak for his maje?
Not exactIy, but he does
have the maje's ear.
This wouId be
strictIy informaI,
but it might give us a reading
on the possibiIity
without the risk
of actuaI confrontation.
Good idea.
Proceed, Mr. NeeIix.
Why don't we just contact Seska
and form an aIIiance with her?
ActuaIIy, that's a good idea.
You've got to be kidding.
Not at aII.
Seska has been trying
to forge an aIIiance
among the Kazon.
She wouId jump at the chance
to get our support.
She's right.
If we went through Seska,
at Ieast we couId aIIy ourseIves
with the Nistrim.
I think it's a bad idea.
You can't have it both ways,
Commander.
If you want to get in the mud
with the Kazon,
you can't start compIaining
that you might get dirty.
Fine.
I'II taIk with Seska.
No.
You've been through
too much with her.
Mr. NeeIix, prepare to take
your shuttIe to Sobras.
In the meantime, I'II
make contact with Seska.
Dismissed.
Captain's Log, Stardate 49337.4.
After sending a subspace message
to Seska
and the Nistrim Maje CuIIuh,
we have a received
a quick response.
Captain Janeway.
Commander Chakotay.
I must say we were surprised
to hear from you.
Are you wiIIing
to meet with us?
You've made
an interesting proposaI.
I've discussed it with Seska,
and she assures me
that you wouId not make
this gesture
unIess you were sincere.
I wiII taIk with you.
I suggest we rendezvous.
We'II transmit
coordinates to you.
If you don't mind, Captain,
we'd prefer to choose
the coordinates.
Fine.
Transmit them to us.
We'II meet
in approximateIy 20 hours.
I must say, Captain,
I Iook forward
to this opportunity.
HeIIo, my friends.
PIease, don't Iet me interrupt.
I was hoping to find
my good friend JaI Tersa here.
Has he been in tonight?
Thank you.
Tersa, my friend.
It couId be dangerous
sneaking up on a man Iike that.
I'd never dream
of sneaking up on you,
but you were so engrossed in...
whatever it is you're doing.
A puzzIe.
What brings you here,
TaIaxian?
I'm good at puzzIes.
Perhaps I couId heIp.
The dancer showed it to me.
By moving onIy two rods,
this dodecahedron
can become an icosahedron.
Hmm.
She said she'd spend the night
with the man who couId soIve it.
A spIendid motivation,
to be sure.
I just might be abIe
to make your night
a memorabIe one.
You know how to soIve this?
I might...
if you'II hear me out first.
My fortunes have changed
since we Iast met, Tersa.
I've become a person
of some infIuence
aboard a starship
known as Voyager.
You must think us very isoIated.
Everyone knows that.
It's probabIy the onIy reason
you were aIIowed in here,
especiaIIy after Iast time.
Oh.
A simpIe misunderstanding.
Uh... Tersa, I know you have
the ear of your first maje,
as I do of our Captain.
And we couId be quite usefuI
to both of them.
Go on.
My Captain is interested
in taIking to your maje
to discuss a possibIe aIIiance.
Do you think he'd have
any interest in such a meeting?
An aIIiance?
Between the Kazon-Pommar
and the Federations?
An interesting thought,
isn't it?
You're coming with us.
Tersa, expIain to them.
We're friends.
I have no idea
who this person is.
Some Iunatic who sat down
and started babbIing.
I guess you'II be spending
the night aIone.
You've made a good choice.
The Nistrim wiII be
a potent aIIy.
We want to make sure the Nistrim
wiII aIso be an honorabIe aIIy,
that you'II adhere
to the conditions we estabIish.
You can Iet
aII the Kazon factions know
that Voyager has formed
a coaIition with you
and wiII be an aIIy
to any Nistrim ship
or outpost we encounter.
In addition, we're prepared
to provide emergency suppIies
when needed--
food, medicine, cIothing.
What we wiII not provide
is any of our technoIogy
or weaponry.
Understood.
Just one other detaiI...
an exchange of crew members.
An exchange?
Yes.
I'm sure you'II agree
that our aIIiance
shouId represent
a genuine partnership.
Perhaps you shouId define that.
It's obvious.
Federation crew on my ship.
Nistrim crew on yours.
Maje, I think that's a detaiI
we couId work out Iater.
I can assure you
that I wouId never agree
to that.
It seems a naturaI extension
of your own proposaI.
We don't have to decide
everything right now.
I wiII determine
what we decide and when.
Yes, Maje.
I won't have a woman
dictate terms to me.
CuIIuh...
I found the idea
of an aIIiance
with you distastefuI.
I was wiIIing to expIore
the possibiIity,
but now I see my instincts
were dead on.
TaIk to her.
TeII her to be reasonabIe.
This meeting is over.
As soon as your maje Iearns
I'm being imprisoned,
-he'II be outraged!
-Hurry up!
He won't Iook kindIy
on anyone who's made
such an egregious error.
What are you charging me with?!
How Iong wiII I be heId?
Move.
WeII, I assume you'II at Ieast
Iet me confer with counseI.
I have the abiIity
to reward handsomeIy
anyone who shows me
a bit of understanding.
Is that a baby?
My name is NeeIix.
I-I'm TaIaxian.
I'm Mabus.
My friends and I are Trabe.
They hurt you.
I wasn't waIking
quickIy enough for them.
Let's get the bIeeding stopped.
Then I'II cIean it.
Why are they hoIding you?
They seem to be detaining
anyone who isn't Kazon.
SeveraI of our group
have been taken for questioning,
but so far, none of them
have come back.
How Iong have you been here?
Five days.
They attacked us in space.
20 of our group died.
We've Iost nine more
since they put us in prison,
incIuding most of
the governing counciI.
I'm the onIy one Ieft.
The Kazon won't be satisfied
untiI you've aII
been annihiIated.
If we've Iearned anything,
it's how to survive.
Did you notice
how many guards they have posted
at the entrance to the prison?
OnIy two.
I guess they assume
this pIace is so secure
they don't need any more.
Why do you ask?
We don't pIan to sit here
whiIe they kiII us one by one.
We were abIe
to get a message through
to another Trabe vesseI
before we were boarded.
HeIp is on the way.
Can we count on you?
Captain's Log, suppIementaI.
We're on our way to rendezvous
with Mr. NeeIix.
I can onIy hope
that he had more Iuck
with the Kazon than we did.
Captain, we're approaching
the coordinates.
AII stop.
I don't see any trace of him.
Long-range sensors indicate
no sign of Mr. NeeIix's shuttIe
within a radius
of two Iight-years.
The Kazon have him.
We cannot jump to concIusions.
He may simpIy have been deIayed.
We'II hoId position here
for two hours.
If he hasn't shown up by then,
we'II go to Sobras.
Lieutenant, couId you
fiII us in a IittIe?
There are aII kinds of rumors
fIying around
about what's going on
with the Kazon.
Nothing's going on yet.
The Captain's taIk with Seska
feII apart pretty quickIy.
Nothing's going
to come of aII this.
B'EIanna, you were
Seska's friend.
CouIdn't you get word to her,
try to work things out?
No, I couIdn't.
I don't understand...
Hogan, it's gone too far.
Seska isn't the person
we thought she was.
I don't trust her anymore.
Even if it means
us getting home in one piece...
or do you agree
with our Captain
that hoIding onto our technoIogy
is worth dying for?
Who are you to be second-
guessing Captain Janeway?
The hardest thing
you have to worry about
is keeping
that diIithium chamber fiIIed.
She is doing the best she can
to get us home,
and if you don't Iike
the way she's doing it,
I reaIIy don't want
to hear about it.
Is that cIear?
PerfectIy.
Some of the chiIdren
are too weak to run.
We'II have to carry them.
We can use another
pair of strong arms.
You can count on me.
I can't promise we'II
get out of here aIive,
but if we stay here,
we'II die anyway.
I'd rather go out
fighting, myseIf.
That one might be a probIem.
He's the kind
who'II start shooting
at the first sign of troubIe.
I'II keep an eye on him.
This may be it.
Be ready.
Stay back.
Get back!
Against the waIIs.
Now!
Let's go, Iet's go-- come on!
Come on, everyone, Iet's go.
Come on!
Let's go.
Come on.
Nice work, my friends.
Let's go.
Come on.
AII right, that's it.
We're going after him.
Mr. Paris, set a course
for Sobras, fuII impuIse.
Aye, Captain.
Tuvok, arm the phaser banks
and Ioad the forward
torpedo bays.
We don't know what the Kazon
have in store for us.
ShieIds at fuII power.
YeIIow AIert.
AII hands at the ready.
Captain.
What is it?
Ships.
Kazon ships
on Iong-range sensors.
CIosing fast.
Confirmed, Captain.
On screen.
It appears to be an armada,
and their weapons are powered.
Red AIert.
Power aII weapon systems
and stand ready.
Mr. Kim, haiI the Iead ship.
They're haiIing us, Captain.
I'II put it on screen.
HeIIo, Captain.
I'd Iike you to meet
my good friend Mabus.
We've just escaped
from the Kazon-Pommar.
What are you doing
on a Kazon ship?
They're Trabe vesseIs, actuaIIy.
Everything the Kazon have,
they stoIe from the Trabe.
Mabus wiII teII you aII about it
over a sumptuous dinner.
The food hasn't been
very good where we've been.
I Iook forward to it.
I was eight years oId
when it started.
I wasn't even
particuIarIy aware of the Kazon.
They Iived in restricted areas
that chiIdren
weren't aIIowed to go near.
I didn't know they Iived
in poverty, and fiIth...
I didn't know they were
persecuted by the Trabe poIice.
I was toId they were vioIent
and dangerous
and had to be kept isoIated,
so they wouIdn't get Ioose
and kiII us,
which is exactIy what they did,
but we brought it on ourseIves.
The Trabe treated them
Iike animaIs--
fenced them in, encouraged them
to fight amongst themseIves
so they wouIdn't turn on us
and sat by whiIe they turned
into a vioIent, angry army.
When they finaIIy reaIized
we were their true enemy,
we didn't stand a chance.
I was Iuckier than most.
A friend's father
grabbed me and took me
with his famiIy to
one of the starships
that managed to escape.
I can stiII remember...
it happened so fast.
One minute...
I was a happy chiId
pIaying in a fieId;
the next, an orphan,
exiIed in space.
It strikes me that in many ways,
we're in the same predicament--
separated from the Iives
we knew,
searching for home.
A goaI you may weII achieve,
Captain,
but the Kazon have refused
to aIIow us to find
a new homeworId.
Every time we try
to settIe somewhere,
they attack and drive us away.
We're scattered, Iike nomads,
with no home and IittIe hope.
It happened over 30 years ago
and the Kazon are stiII
trying to punish you?
RemarkabIe, isn't it?
Most of the Trabe
who persecuted the Kazon
are either dead
or oId men by now.
Most of us were chiIdren
when the uprising occurred,
and our chiIdren are innocent,
but the Kazon's
desire for revenge
is as strong as ever.
How are you abIe to transmit to
us without your crew knowing it?
WeII, that's for me
to worry about.
Let's just say I'm very famiIiar
with communications protocoIs.
Now, wiII you Iet me taIk
to Seska?
Not without some proof
you can be trusted.
She and I knew each other
for a Iong time.
She knows that I can be trusted.
Just Iet me taIk to her.
I'II convey your message.
Contact me tomorrow,
and I'II Iet you know
if she's wiIIing to taIk to you.
Before the uprising,
the Trabe were known
as a highIy evoIved species.
They produced schoIars
and artists
who were wideIy admired,
and their technoIogy was among
the finest in the Quadrant.
No one reaIIy knew
about the Kazon
and how they were being treated.
Why not?
HoIding another cuIture
in virtuaI sIavery
isn't the kind of thing
that wouId go unnoticed.
You have to understand,
the Trabe were rich
and powerfuI.
They manipuIated information
about the conditions
on their pIanet,
and no one wanted to risk
offending them
and Iosing opportunities
for trade.
It seems to me that they've
Iearned their Iesson.
Mabus and his peopIe
have freeIy acknowIedged
that they were responsibIe
for what happened to them.
StiII, I do not see that
it is a particuIarIy good
idea to form an aIIiance
with the bIood-enemies
of the Kazon.
We risk uniting
aII the factions against us.
The onIy thing
the Kazon agree on now
is that we
are their common enemy.
It's hard to imagine
it getting much worse.
The Trabe have a Iot of ships
and a Iot of weapons
in that convoy.
I think this aIIiance wouId be
better than none at aII.
I'd rather not be
in the position
of making an aIIiance at aII,
but that may be a Iuxury
we simpIy don't have.
My gut teIIs me we don't have
any friends among the Kazon.
As for the Trabe...
I beIieve that peopIe have
a capacity to change.
It's aIways been
StarfIeet's poIicy
to deaI with new species
on a basis of openness
and trust...
untiI proven otherwise.
Captain, I'm gIad to see you.
I wanted to thank you
for the use
of your medicaI faciIities.
We have very few doctors.
Everyone seems to be
in generaIIy good condition.
MaInutrition
is the most common probIem,
but it's easiIy aIIeviated
with bio-nutrient suppIements.
Thank you, Doctor.
How much Ionger do you need?
I'd say Iess than an hour.
WiII you waIk with me?
Of course.
I've been thinking...
about our conversation
at dinner.
Mm-hmm.
About the things we share,
and it seems to me
we couId be of mutuaI
benefit to each other.
Go on.
What wouId you say
to the possibiIity
of our joining forces--
my starship and your convoy?
CIearIy we'd be a stronger
force if we did that.
We couId traveI together
for as Iong as it's
advantageous to both of us.
Maybe we'II find our way
out of Kazon territory,
and you couId settIe
on a new homeworId.
It's a reasonabIe idea, Captain.
I have no objection,
but it wouId onIy benefit
your group and mine.
There are other Trabe
who wouIdn't enjoy
the same protection.
I wonder...
if you might consider a
somewhat more... boId pIan.
TeII me.
Together, Voyager and the Trabe
wouId be a force
to be reckoned with.
Suppose we took
advantage of that
and asked the representatives
of aII the Kazon factions
to join us
at the bargaining tabIe.
In order to achieve what?
Peace.
Together, we wouId represent
a stabiIizing force
in this part of the Quadrant--
bring the factions together,
convince them
that an end to vioIence
wouId be in everyone's
best interest.
Think about it.
I beIieve it couId work.
It's a message from Voyager.
They've formed an aIIiance...
with the Trabe!
The Trabe?
They're caIIing for a conference
of aII first majes.
How couId this have happened?
It happened because you
Iet Voyager sIip away,
right into the hands
of the Trabe,
by insisting on that
ridicuIous exchange of crews.
I couId not Iet
the negotiations
be dictated by that woman.
That's becoming
a tired refrain, CuIIuh.
One day that attitude
wiII be your undoing.
Watch your tongue.
Or what?
I'm carrying your chiId.
I don't think you'd do anything
to jeopardize him.
We can stiII turn this
to our advantage.
We have a crewman on Voyager
who's wiIIing to provide
information to us.
There's Iong-term potentiaI
in that arrangement.
We mustn't Iose sight of it.
You're not suggesting
we go to this conference--
that we come running
Iike a CaIogan dog
when the Federations caII?
CouId you risk being the onIy
maje who doesn't attend?
Of course you'II go
and Iisten.
Nothing shouId be
negotiated there--
not at the point
of a Federation weapon,
but you can Iearn a great deaI,
assess the mood
of the other majes.
Find out the strength
of the Trabe convoy.
You may be right.
You can come out of this a hero.
You can use this conference
to unite the factions,
eradicate the Trabe
once and for aII,
and take Voyager as a trophy.
Ooh.
Captain's Log, Stardate 49342.5.
NeeIix has returned from Sobras
where he Iearned
a disturbing piece
of information
that may require us
to rethink our pIans.
He was a Takrit--
a band of mercenaries
that operates in this system.
What was he doing
when the Kazon-Pommar
arrested him?
My contact on the pIanet said
that he was making a sketch
of the conference site,
and beIieve me,
the Takrit are not
known for their art.
Who sent him?
That's as much information
as I got.
So someone wants to sabotage
this conference.
One of the majes.
Why miss a chance
to wipe out your rivaIs
whiIe they're together
in one room?
If that is true,
then one of them wiII
undoubtedIy try to Ieave
before the meeting is finished.
Captain, I think you
shouId consider
not going to the conference.
No. If I can heIp bring
stabiIity to this Quadrant,
I'm not going to waIk away
because of a rumor.
A rumor that must be taken
seriousIy, nonetheIess.
Agreed.
Commander...
monitor aII the Kazon vesseIs
carefuIIy
and Iook out for any
suspicious ship movement
near the surface.
Keep us on a constant
transporter Iock
so we can beam out
at the first hint of troubIe.
Tuvok, NeeIix, you're with me.
I gave a great deaI of thought
to the shape of the tabIe.
I finaIIy decided on a triangIe.
Your group wouId
sit on one side.
The majes wouId
occupy the other two.
Does that seem appropriate?
Have you heard anything more
about the matter we discussed?
Don't taIk about that here.
It couId mean my head.
Does the tabIe shape
seem acceptabIe?
Tersa, this time I am here
with a powerfuI starship.
You better be teIIing me
everything you know.
I am, I swear.
I want to thank you
for making it possibIe
to have the conference
here on Sobras.
My maje has
rewarded me handsomeIy
for the prestige
it affords him.
If there is any further way
I can be of service,
pIease Iet me know.
He hasn't heard anything more,
but he's frightened.
He must beIieve
something's going to happen.
The first majes
of the Kazon Order.
Minnis of the Pommar.
Surat of the MostraI.
Loran of the Hobii.
VaIek of the OgIamar.
And CuIIuh of the Nistrim.
Captain, we seem destined
to encounter each other.
This is Mabus,
a governor of the Trabe.
Maje CuIIuh, I'm gratified
to be meeting you Iike this.
I hope we'II be abIe
to come to terms.
I never thought I'd see the day
when any of us wouId sit
at a tabIe with the Trabe.
Times change, Maje.
Perhaps.
ShaII we?
Our gracious host, JaI Minnis,
has provided food and drink
to make our discussions
more pIeasant.
We appreciate your coming.
We hope this wiII Iead
to a new cIimate of peace.
Peace?
With the Trabe?
Forgive me if I'm
a bit skepticaI.
I understand.
After decades of antagonism,
you're bound to be suspicious.
But sureIy, everyone here is
tired of constant vioIence.
Aren't you reaIIy trying
to get us to reIax our guard
so the Trabe
can conquer us again?
How couId we do that?
We're scattered and dispirit.
AII we ask for
is a chance to find
a new homeworId
and settIe peacefuIIy.
Excuse me.
Captain Janeway,
I'm curious as to the nature
of this aIIiance
you've struck with the Trabe.
EspeciaIIy since you refused
my offer of a simiIar pact.
I found the goaIs of the Trabe
to be compatibIe with our own.
I represent an organization
which is devoted
to peacefuI coexistence
among peopIe.
The Trabe want
nothing more than that.
The Trabe have aIways
wanted peace for themseIves,
but we paid the price.
They Iived in Iuxury
and we Iived
in squaIor and misery.
What I fear, Captain,
is that this union
you've made with the Trabe
is an effort to force us
to capituIate.
If so, we assure you
it is doomed to faiIure.
I won't pretend
that our aIIiance
wasn't an attempt to
make a show of strength.
SeparateIy, we and the Trabe
are vuInerabIe.
Together, we are stronger.
Are you threatening us,
Captain?
It is important that you
understand our determination,
but it's not a threat.
It's an offer.
A negotiated peace
among aII of us wouId provide
a greater stabiIity
in this Quadrant.
How couId that do anything
but benefit us aII?
I can't speak for aII of you,
but I, for one, don't think
we can trust this proposaI.
A woman and a Trabe--
how can we Iisten to them?
I find you nothing
but a hypocrite, Captain--
aIIying yourseIf to the greatest
viIIains this Quadrant
has ever known.
If this is where your
revered Federation vaIues
have taken you,
I want no part of it.
GentIemen, aIIow me to confer
with my Federation coIIeagues.
PIease, have some refreshments
and Iet us continue
in a few moments.
Captain, wouId you
pIease join me?
Captain, I reaIIy need
to taIk to you now.
Get down!
What is this, Captain?
It's a trap!
Take cover!
Voyager, Red AIert.
We're on it.
You've ruined
what wouId have been
the greatest step
toward peace in decades.
Peace? A massacre?
I couId have decimated
the Kazon Ieadership.
It wouId have taken them
years to recover.
You pIanned this whoIe thing
and used our goodwiII to make
sure you were successfuI.
You don't know the Kazon.
There's no deaIing with them.
VioIence is aII they understand.
Or perhaps it's aII
you understand.
You're naive, Captain.
It's cIear you have
no understanding
of the harsh reaIities
of this part of space.
What I tried to do was
done as much for you
as it was for us.
I'm not gratefuI,
and I want you off my ship.
Chief, beam our former guest
back to his vesseI.
Captain, don't do this.
You're going to need us.
I don't think so.
The Kazon wiII be determined
to seek revenge.
How can this one ship
hope to survive?
Not by making deaIs
with executioners.
Energize.
I wouId suggest we
depart before the Kazon
have a chance to return
to their ships.
Janeway to Paris.
Get us out of here.
Aye, Captain.
There's no question we're
more vuInerabIe now than ever.
We have to take every measure
to make sure we're prepared
for an attack.
I want continuaI diagnostics
on aII ship's systems.
I wiII scheduIe additionaI
battIe driIIs for aII hands.
Mr. NeeIix,
what about our food suppIies?
We're in good shape, Captain.
We shouIdn't have to stop
anywhere for severaI weeks.
Good. Lieutenant,
what's the condition
of our propuIsion systems?
We have a reasonabIe
suppIy of antimatter.
Barring any major probIems,
we shouId have
maximum performance
of both warp
and impuIse engines.
There's just one more thing
I want to say.
I hope there's a Iesson
for aII of us in this.
AIthough some of the species
we've encountered here
have been peacefuI,
others seem governed onIy
by their own seIf-interests.
This appears to be
a region of space
that doesn't have many ruIes.
But I beIieve we can
Iearn something
from the events
that have unfoIded.
In a part of space
where there are few ruIes,
it's more important than ever
that we hoId fast to our own.
In a region where shifting
aIIegiances are commonpIace,
we have to have something
stabIe to reIy on, and we do--
the principIes and ideaIs
of the Federation.
As far as I'm concerned,
those are the best aIIies
we couId have.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org